[Content] Adding and updating peoples pages. (#72)
seqan/www.seqan.de: _people/simon_sasse.md

avatar: /assets/images/people/simon_sasse.jpeg
social_links:
  email: simon.sasse@fu-berlin.de
  linkedin: simon-sasse-197616207
  github: simonsasse
  researchgate: Simon-Sasse
---

> Simon works as a student assistant at SeqAn. He achieved his BSc in bioinformatics at the Frei Universität Berlin and
> continues his studies in the MSc of Computer Science.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Simon works as a student assistant at SeqAn. He achieved his B.Sc. in bioinformatics at the Frei Universität Berlin and
continues his studies in the M.Sc. of Computer Science.
```
